Orginal Credits: https://www.reddit.com/user/V_Zerker
Edited by: http://www.twitter.com/JapwanRS

Waterfall Quest - 13,750 XP Attack and Strength. This can be done at Level 3. Access to the Waterfall Dungeon to kill Fire Giants which can be safespotted.

The Grand Tree - 18,400 Att. XP, 7.9k Agility XP and 2,150 Magic XP. Access to Gnome Stronghold Mine. Ability to use Gnome Gliders. You can get to the Stronghold quickly by going from Lumbridge, run to Al Kharid and just south near the Gem Trader you can use the Gnome Glider.

Tree Gnome Village - 11,450 XP Attack XP. Access to use Spirit Trees Teleport. You can do a hit and run method to kill the Khazard Warlord using Air Spells (weakness).

Fight Arena - 12,175 Attack XP and 2,175 Thieving XP. You can safespot all forms behind a skeletal corpse.

Death Plateau - 3k Attack XP. Ability to smith Claws. Ability to purchase climbing boots. Access to the shortcut to kill Trolls for Slayer tasks.

The Digsite - 15.3k Mining XP and 2k Herblore XP.

The Feud - Ability to do Blackjacking as part of the Thieving Skill. 15k Thieving XP. Accesss to Rogue Trader Minigame. You can safespot both enemies.

Monkey Madness - Access to Ape Atol. Recipe for Disaster subquest allows you to use Ape Atol Teleport. Access to Ape Atol Agility Course. Lastly, like you mentioned, the one and only Dragon Scimitar! A mans best friend on OSRS!

Elemental Workshop 1 and 2 - These 2 quests grant very good amount XP considering it doesn't need high requirements at all and can be done easily. In total, both of these quests grant 12.5k Smithing XP and 12.5k Crafting XP.

The Eyes of Glouphrie - Overall fun quest. I liked the puzzle. 12k Magic XP. 2.5k Woodcutting XP. 250 Construction XP and 6k Runecrafting XP.

Ghosts Ahoy - 2.4k Prayer XP. Free teleport and access to Port Phasmatys using Ectophial. This also a quick route to the allotment near Port Phasmatys. Ability to use the Ectofunctus which multiplies your Prayer burial XP by 4 but is a slow method so people stick to Player Owned Houses (POH) Guilded Altars.

Holy Grail - 15.3k Defence XP. 11k Prayer XP which is vital to start off with. You can safespot the monster as he does not move at all.

Horror from the deep - 4662.5 XP in Range, Str., Att. and also ability to use Prayer Books, this is the book where you fill in God Pages granting bonuses. 1st form can be safespotted but second form is a hit and run method. Unholy Book (Zamorak pages) grants 8+ Attack bonus on all stats but each page is very expensive averaging at around 1m. A common mistake is to choose this book when you can't afford the full 4 pages therefore reconsider your decision because you need to complete the full book before purchasing a new one.

Shilo Village - Access to Shilo Village where the Duradel slayer master is and access to Gem Rocks. All forms can be safespotted.

Lost City - Ability to equip Dragon Daggers. Easily safespotted behind the small mushrooms on the ground.

Sea Slug - 7,175 Fishing XP. Easy quest. Access to Fishing Platform.

Priest in Peril - Access to Canafis.

Recruitment Drive - Ability to set your spawn at Falador.

Plague City - Access to the Ardougne Teleport (51 Magic, make sure to read the magic scroll you were given as a reward to learn the spell).

Biohazard - Access to West Ardougne Gate and Combat Training Camp north of West Ardougne. Also a requirement to Underground Pass and Recipe for Disaster.

Hazeel Cult - Easy quest.

A Monk's friend - Easy quest.

Murder Mystery - 1,406 Crafting XP.

Dwarf cannon - Access to smith Cannon Balls.

Fairy Tale quest series - Access to Fairy Ring teleports.

Troll Stronghold - Ability to craft Law runes. Access to Trollheim. Access to God Wars Dungeon which is vital in the long-term. Access to Troll Stronghold Area.

Eadger's Ruse - 11k Herblore XP. Ability to use the Trollheim Teleport.

Recipe For Disaster - Access to Culinaromancer's Chest mainly for Barrows Gloves.

Lunar Diplomacy - Access to the Lunar Spellbook.

Heroes Quest - Access to the Fountain of Heroes which recharges 4 teleports on Dragonstone Jewellery. This is also required to complete if you're going to do Throne of Miscellania quest which allows you to manage your own kingdom. Also Royal Trouble quest enchances the rewards from Miscellania if you're going to manage it. Search Managing Miscellania on the Wiki for more information if you're interested.

Animal Magnetism - Access to equip Ava's Attractor/Accumulator.

Creature of Fenkenstrain - Access to the dungeon to kill Experiments and Ring of Charos (not activated though).

Desert Treasure - Access to Ancient Magicks Spellbook.

Druidic Ritual - To start the Herblore skill.

Underground Pass - Access to Iban's Staff.

The Giant Dwarf - Access to Keldagrim and access to Blast Furnace which is a good money making method as you only require half the amount of coal you need to smelt. So making steel bars usually requires 1 iron ore and 2 coal but with Blast Furnace, you only use 1 iron ore and 1 coal. This saves you money in the long term. Also every 10 minutes, you need to pay 2,500 coins but with Ring of Charos (a) which is from Creature of Fenkenstrain quest by pickpocketing Dr Fenkenstrain's pocket then to activate it by the Wise Old Man during the Garden of Tranquility quest. This activated ring halves the price per 10 minutes using the 'Charm' option so you pay 1,250 coins per 10 minutes. Trust me, this saves you money a lot. Ring must be equipped. In addition, Ring of Charos (a) has many other benefits listed on the RS07 wiki. A quick way to Keldagrim is to head north west from the G.E, just a few steps south from the Agility shortcut to Edgeville. It's a free cart ride.

Witch's House - 6,325 Hitpoints XP. Good for starting off at low Hitpoints. You can do a hit and run method to kill forms. Have food on you.

The Freminik Trials - Ability to wear Berserker Helm.

The Freminik Isles - Abiltiy to wear Helm of Neitiznot.

You can get from 1 to 33 Farming without actually Farming by doing these quests in order (Credit to ThirdAgeFilm):

1. Fairy Tale Part 1: Growing Pains

2. Forgettable Tale of a Drunk Dwarf

3. Garden of Tranquility - You can activate your Ring of Charos in this quest.

4. My Arms Big Adventure - Also offers 10k Herblore besides the Farming XP. In addition, you're given access to use a disease free Herb patch.

Barcrawl Miniquest to access the Barbarian Agility Course and Barbarian Assault minigame mainly to get a Fighter Torso.

Natural History Quiz miniquest gives 1k Slayer & Hunter XP.

Also I recommend you to consider doing Achievement Diaries as much as you can as they provide benefits.
